Previously on Homeland...
Holy shit, it's the CIA.
MILLS:
He's attacking us.
Shut it down, shut it down,
shut it down!
SAUL: We've had a data breach
in Berlin.
LAURA: I got an e-mail today
from a hacker.
It turned out to be
a top secret document.
Who was the source of the leak?
I have no idea.
And I will respect their trust
whatever happens to me.
She's asking for the rest of it.
KORZENIK:
You send that,
it'll be intercepted,
traced back to us.
I had a meeting
with the BND top brass.
Giving you 24 hours
to leave the country.
But the Germans want
a head on a spike.
So give them Saul's.
Welcome to Beirut.
It's good.
Shame I can't tempt you.
I'm nine months
sober tomorrow.
CARRIE:
Hezbollah is cooperating.
Well, the situation
on the ground
is unpredictable,
to say the least.
Get him to cover.
(gunfire)
Look.
It was the CIA woman.
She was the target.
Six hours
he was questioned.
Whoever paid him, he was more
afraid of them than dying.
Someone wants you dead.
SAUL: I want to be
sure you understand.
All you get is that key,
your next target in the box
and operating money
waiting there
when you bring back
proof of death.
QUINN:
Put the names in the box.
I'll take care
of anyone you put there.
(woman speaking German)
CARRIE: Christ, I really thought
I left all this behind.
MALE REPORTER: The Islamic State
ISIS proclaimed itself
to be a worldwide caliphate
with authority over...
...redraw the map
in the Middle East.
FEMALE REPORTER:
The soldiers are hackers,
the battlefield is online,
and it's not a matter of...
Edward Snowden is a coward.
...extremely disappointed
that the Russian government
would take this step.
LAURA: It's against the law,
it's against the fucking law.
CARRIE: All that suffering,
and nothing changes.
CROCKER:
Is our strategy working?
(woman speaking German)
(man speaking foreign language)
SAUL:
I actually convinced myself
we were gonna change the world.
QUINN:
Carrie will never be free.
CARRIE: Spend my life on
the run, give up my daughter?
JONAS: I don't know how
you live with yourself.
AL-AMIN:
I will fight you forever.
CARRIE:
Who's after me?
JONAS: So many people,
so much blood on your hands.
I don't know if I can put
her on that plane tomorrow.
Why not go with her?
God, if I do that, she's
no safer than she is here.
Christ, I really thought
I left all this behind.
Once she's back
in the States,
I'll be able to think more
clearly and figure this out.
What if that guy
in Lebanon was lying?
Have you considered that?
What if nobody's after you?
He wasn't lying.
How do you know?
Not here.
(door closes)
You've been holed up
for four days,
barely eating or sleeping,
hardly saying a word.
You need to talk to me.
He was tortured, okay?
He finally admitted
I was the target,
but was too scared
to say who hired him.
I don't understand.
How does... how does
that make him reliable?
He had two secrets--
one he could tell,
one he was willing to die for.
And did he?
Die?
Yeah, he was executed.
He was shot in the face
point-blank.
That's what makes me
believe him.
Jesus.
You wanted to know.
Your shirt is untucked.
I know.
Hi.
You want to give Frau Stiegler
another heart attack?
Lunch money?
I love you.
Mr. Berenson.
Herr During.
Can Erna bring
you anything?
Water, coffee,
something?
No, thank you.
It's not every day I'm visited
by a high-ranking officer
of the Central
Intelligence Agency.
It's not every day
a leading German industrialist
is the target
of an assassination attempt.
Mmm.
I run a foundation,
consider myself
a philanthropist.
Have a seat.
And yet your company is
thriving, by all accounts.
(chuckles)
That's true.
The steel business
is experiencing
an unexpected upturn.
Any idea why someone would want
to kill you in Lebanon?
None.
Might it be related to
your chief of security
meeting with a representative
of Hezbollah
the day you arrived there?
You'd have
to ask her.
I don't know where she is,
that's why I'm asking you.
I told you.
I don't know.
Wouldn't be the first time
your family has collaborated
with those on the wrong side
of history.
(sighs)
Mr. Berenson,
it's hardly a secret
my grandfather was
a big-time Nazi.
I've devoted my whole life
to atoning for that fact.
Your foundation has donated
tens of millions of dollars
to Muslim charities
all over Europe.
Also not a secret.
I don't have to tell you--
there are many points
at which social and terrorist
causes cannot help meeting.
Not in our case.
We account for every cent.
I take personal
responsibility for that.
Maybe you don't
consider Hezbollah
a terrorist organization.
Is that a question?
Yeah, it is--
do you or don't you?
I deplore violence of any kind,
but one must always distinguish
between legitimate revolt
against occupation
and outright terrorism.
Is firing rockets against
civilian targets legitimate,
in your opinion?
I won't be put on the defensive
just because you have managed
to turn the conversation
towards Israel.
Actually, I was curious
what you think.
What I think is--
nothing has made the world more
dangerous in the last 15 years
than the foreign policy
of the United States.
I'm not a statesman,
Herr During.
I'm a spy.
Well, you are all
great humanitarians,
you Americans,
when someone else is on trial.
I didn't come here to put
anyone on trial.
I came here to find out
where Carrie Mathison is.
I can't help you with that.
You can't or you won't?
I don't track her movements.
As far as I know,
she's taking some time off
after what happened.
It's imperative
I speak with her.
She doesn't work for you
anymore.
I know how frustrating
that must be.
She's a remarkable person.
(sighs)
♪ ♪
Mommy?
Hey, honey.
Hi.
So we should go.
It's time for your
big adventure.
♪ ♪
I was just starting to worry.
We stopped for ice cream.
And then for a doughnut.
Yay!
FRANNY:
Lenya!
(Lenya laughs)
DURING:
Well, she seems fine.
She is, I'm the one
that's a basket case.
Did you talk
to my sister?
Yeah, I did.
I explained everything.
She's meeting the jet at
Davis Airfield in Manassas.
She sends her love.
I don't know
how to thank you.
Just get to the
bottom of this.
And then come
back to work.
I will, believe me.
Saul Berenson paid me
a visit this morning.
He did?
What did he want?
To talk to you.
And to put the fear
of God into me.
I told him nothing.
I'm sorry you had
to lie for me, Otto.
It wasn't that hard.
I didn't like him much.
He seems like a man too
used to getting his way.
Yeah.
Well, he is now.
He wasn't like that before.
Well, come on then.
It's time to say good-bye.
(indistinct chattering,
laughing)
JONAS: Franny-lein,
I'm gonna miss you.
So Lenya's gonna be
with you the whole way.
And then you're gonna get
to see your Aunt Maggie
and your cousins,
Ruby and Josie, okay?
Come on, give your
mommy a big kiss.
I love you, I love
you, I love you...
So sehr, so, so sehr.
Thank you, Lenya.
You'll never know how much
I appreciate this.
No problem.
We'll be fine.
Try not to worry.
(sobs)
The worst day of my life was,
uh, saying good-bye to my kids,
moving out of the house.
You see them
every other weekend.
You're gonna see
Franny again soon.
Hey, of course you are.
You know what,
I'd rather not talk about it.
I'm just trying
to be helpful.
Well, you're not helping.
You are not letting me.
Is that right?
That is right.
Because you don't know the first
thing about it, about any of it.
And whose fault is that?
If you don't want me
to know what's going on,
then don't get mad at me for
not knowing what's going on.
I'm not a brain reader.
(chuckles)
Or a mind reader either.
That, too.
Look, I know I haven't
been myself the last few days.
You were in hiding, you just
put your daughter on a plane.
I get it.
It's more than that.
What do you mean?
Maybe there is a way
that you can help.
That I can see
this better. I...
It would be asking a lot of you.
Tell me.
Listen, I'm starving.
Can we find a place to eat
and talk about it there?
(birds chirping, ducks quacking)
So...
(exhales)
Um...
You know I'm bipolar.
(sighs)
Yeah.
And that I take lithium.
Which is good for me.
It keeps me...
safe and sane.
(exhales)
What you don't know
is what I'm like
off of the medication.
No.
Well...
it can be scary as hell.
But also exhilarating.
(laughing):
I mean, you feel...
you feel elated.
You feel like
you're flying
down a ski slope
with no chance
of falling.
Ah, anybody
would miss that.
Until you don't.
Until...
you do fall.
Because you can't
avoid falling;
I've learned that.
You sure you want
to hear about this?
You sure you'll still
like me in the morning?
I love you.
(footsteps approaching)
(clears throat)
Danke.
The point is that
the meds have saved my life.
Literally.
But something is lost, too.
The elation.
It's more than that.
There's this... this window,
when you've got
all that crazy energy
but you're still lucid,
you're still
making sense.
And that's always when
I did my best work.
Mm-hmm.
I took down a major
insurgent network in Iraq.
I stopped an attack on
the State Department in D.C.
You want to go
off your meds now?
Is that what you're saying?
To figure
this out?
No.
No?
I've already gone off them.
Three days ago.
What have you got?
Tell me Carrie showed up
for work this morning.
No such luck.
She hasn't been near
the place for five days.
Not since she got
back from Beirut.
Can we jack into the cameras
inside the building?
Hi-tech firewall.
Thanks to her, no doubt.
Um, Laura Sutton
is on her e-mail.
What did During say?
That he doesn't know
where she is, either.
He's got seven residences
in Germany alone.
No sign of Carrie
at any of them.
We need to talk.
I've known Dar Adal
for 30 years.
You don't think
he's gonna pick up the phone,
tell me that
my Berlin station chief
is looking to put
a knife in my back?
Saul, listen to me...
Don't say a
fucking word.
I was desperate
to save my job...
Oh, bullshit!
You were cold
and calculating.
You bet on his ego
and our rivalry,
hoping that'd be enough
to take me down.
You couldn't be more wrong.
Stop it.
Know what the worst part is?
You came up short, Allison.
If you aim to kill, don't miss.
Have I taught
you nothing?
You taught me everything.
I treated you like
an elite intelligence officer.
So start fucking
behaving like one.
Okay.
So when do you want me gone?
You're not going anywhere.
What?
You heard me.
Can't afford
a shake-up right now.
Not with Carrie in the wind.
Not with what we got
in the pipeline.
I-I don't understand.
So-so who's going under the bus
to make it nice
with the Germans?
I'm working on it.
Thank you.
Thank you, Saul.
Yeah.
You don't
deserve it.
(door opens)
(footsteps receding)
(sighs)
I can monitor myself;
I've done it before.
But now that you're
willing to help,
I can push the boundaries
a little bit.
Fly a little higher.
Okay.
Look, I know it
sounds sketchy,
but together, we can do
this without a doubt.
Tell me warning
signs again.
What to look for.
Um...
incoherence, mostly.
I'm talking too fast,
keep losing my
train of thought.
If you're having trouble
understanding me.
Or if I get belligerent
or abusive.
(laughs)
Abusive?
Well, I mean...
not physically, but yeah.
It can get ugly
sometimes.
Okay. And-and that's when
I give you the pills?
That's when you
give me the pills.
I'm not a doctor
or a psychiatrist.
You'll know when
it's time, believe me.
You should have told me
before you went off the drugs.
I know.
I'm sorry.
What if there is an emergency?
We are out here
in the middle of nowhere.
There won't be.
The sedative is
fast-acting;
it'll bring me back
down to earth.
Then the lithium
will kick in.
Tell me there is not
another way to do this.
I'm sure there is,
just... not for me.
It's a time line.
See? Beirut was
my first tour,
Baghdad my second.
Didn't end so well.
Uh, then I was back at Langley
for the next couple years.
And the plan is...?
Make an enemies list.
Who might want me dead,
who had the means
and opportunity to pull it off.
(exhales)
And where do we start?
At the beginning.
♪ ♪
(speaking German)
(laughs)
Surprise.
I'll say.
You on a job?
What do you think?
Who's the guy?
A friend.
Yeah, right.
So what went
down in Lebanon?
Otto During was in the shit
and your girlfriend got him out.
She save him?
No question.
Any idea where she is now?
No.
And a lot of people
are looking for her.
Including me.
Yeah?
Why?
Can't say.
I'm pretty sure
she's back in Germany.
Okay.
I need to get ahold
of a Stingray.
I can get one.
Tomorrow?
The day after?
Good.
You want to get out of here?
(laughs)
Ooh...
Uh, you can't
do this, Peter.
It's Berlin.
Yeah, I know
where we are.
I live here.
Can't just appear
and interrupt my life,
not like when we're in
some odd city.
Handheld Stingray,
if you can swing it.
(Carrie moans in pleasure)
(panting, moaning)
Did I mention
the sex is better, too?
(both laughing)
♪ ♪
(fire alarm ringing)
Boss.
What's happening?
GREGOR:
Fire alarm.
ALLISON:
Where's Laura?
Don't see her yet.
Get our team
out on the street now.
And tell them to keep an eye out
for Carrie Mathison.
This could be
how she makes contact.
(sighs)
(alarm continues ringing)
(low chatter)
♪ ♪
ALLISON:
Don't tell me they lost her.
Do you see
the subject?
Do not tell me they lost her.
Any sign of Carrie?
Nothing.
Fuck.
(sighs)
(announcement over P.A.
in German)
Are you who I think you are?
Ballsy move.
That alarm.
I was there, that day,
when the BND picked you up.
What did you
tell them?
That they were
assholes.
Did they ask
about me?
Do they know
my name?
I don't know
your name.
But are they after me?
Of course they are.
But you're smart.
And tricky.
And I'll protect you.
How can you be sure?
Look, you came
to me, right?
Yes.
You must've
had a reason.
I've read your stuff.
I'm a fan.
Thought I could
trust you.
What's your name?
Call me Numan.
Well, Numan,
I'm a fan of yours, too.
I have the rest
of the documents.
I'll vet them, get them out.
Just like last time.
Don't you get scared?
Yeah, I guess,
but what can I do?
Go home to America.
I have two warrants
out for my arrest there.
I can't go back home, either.
To Turkey?
I'm guessing.
Yeah.
Thank you.
You're doing
the right thing.
I hope so.
I'd better go.
How can I reach you?
You can't.
Is that really necessary?
Hey, I'm not the one
who crashed last night.
But I made some good progress
after you went to bed.
We can move on
to Baghdad today.
I meant does it have
to go up your nose?
I mean,
caffeine is caffeine.
I could make you
a really strong cup of coffee.
This gets me there faster.
(line ringing)
Jonas, it's me again.
I've got something urgent.
Where are you?
(high-pitched laughing)
You little fucker.
Dude, where have you been?
Meeting someone.
You got a girlfriend?
About fucking time.
It was Laura Sutton.
I gave her the documents.
What?
You heard me.
So I don't want any more crap
about selling them
to the highest bidder
or whatever.
It's done.
You just decided for
the both of us, huh?
Yeah, I did.
What an asshole.
Korzy, it was
the right thing to do.
Was it?
You're a fool, Numan.
You don't even know
what a fool you are.
Ibrahim Hasan--
bomb maker for Abu Nazir.
What about him?
I said I'd help his
family in exchange
for some sensitive
information.
And I couldn't
make it happen.
So it might be payback
for a broken promise?
No, he's dead, but
he had a son, Bassam.
Be 18 now.
Okay, checking.
Wait a minute,
I know this story.
This is where you got
kicked out of Iraq
for bribing a guard
at Khadimayah Prison.
How did you know about that?
Who do you think background-
checked you for Otto?
(chuckles)
Really?
I know all kinds
of things about you,
Carrie Mathison.
Oh.
Well, I got hired,
didn't I?
(clicks tongue)
Barely.
Nothing on the son.
But the wife Sanaa
blew herself up
at a checkpoint
in Mualameen,
killing three
American soldiers,
wounding seven others.
Keep Bassam on the list.
Mm-hmm.
Next.
MAN:
Bad business down in Lebanon.
It's only gonna get worse.
Well, maybe you can explain
exactly how it fits together.
How what fits together?
Carrie Mathison was the one
handling security, right?
Right.
Where she met with
Waleed Mer-Khamis,
my sources on the
ground tell me.
I wouldn't know.
Come on, Saul.
Your protégé,
your golden child.
No one believes for a minute
she's not still Agency.
You can believe
what you want.
The thing is,
Waleed is Hezbollah.
Is America making common cause
with Syria and Iran?
We are not and if we were,
Israel would be
the first to know.
We're old friends, Saul,
so you should know something.
My government will
actively oppose
any plans for regime change
in Damascus.
First you accuse me
of cozying up to the enemy.
Now I'm secretly
planning a coup in Syria.
Getting rid of Bashar al-Assad
is not a bad idea in itself.
The danger is,
uh, replacing him
with someone worse
than the original.
I'm telling you that option
is not on the table.
Truly?
We're out of the business
of overthrowing
Arab dictators, Etai.
We have learned our lesson.
MAN:
Saul?
Mr. Ambassador.
I need to talk to you.
Excuse us, Etai.
Yes, of course.
I'm being recalled.
I heard.
You didn't hear, Saul.
You fucking engineered it.
I presented
the administration
with a set of choices.
Well, just how dumb
do you think I am?
You circled the wagons
around your own people.
That's Allison's station.
It's her responsibility.
She's the one that
should pay for it.
Well, Allison's a career
intelligence officer.
What's your point?
You own a string
of GM dealerships
in Texas and Arkansas.
Well, I'm not going back.
I was promised four years here.
I spent a small fortune
setting up my household.
All right, take it up
with the State Department.
It's the president
who owes me.
Well, not as much as you
think he does, apparently.
You do throw
a mean party, Scott.
I'll give you that.
Please say good-bye
to Anne for me.
(door opens)
Where'd you get this?
Freedom of Information Act.
There are hundreds
of names here.
167.
All civilians.
According to Pakistan's
foreign ministry, yeah.
Killed by drones.
Also missile strikes
and ground ops
during my time
as station chief in Kabul.
Um, so, let's cross-check
the surnames
and see if anybody
from any of these families
left to go fight jihad in Syria.
Yeah.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
You're tired.
You could use a break.
I'm fine.
Well, we've been at
it almost 14 hours.
If you need a break,
just say so...
Hey, I don't need a break!
Something is wrong.
Maybe I... I'm gonna
step outside for a minute.
You're appalled.
No, I just need some air.
No, you are-- you're appalled!
You think I'm appalling.
Leave it alone, Carrie.
What, then?!
What, loathsome?
Repulsive?
What, a war criminal?
Say something, for God's sake!
(door opens)
Jonas, don't!
This is not me anymore!
None of it!
I don't know how you live
with yourself.
(door opens)
(door closes)
(car engine starts up)
(sighs)
(breathing deeply)
(huffs)
(gasps)
Fuck it.
(breathing deeply)
Ah.
AAYAN:
So much for self-control, huh?
Over here.
Hey, Carrie.
(indistinct chatter)
You are satisfied?
Yes, yes. Good night.
You're at the embassy,
right?
Russian embassy?
What are you
trying to do?
Nothing.
Huh?
You threaten me?
No.
Blackmail?
There's a business opportunity
for you.
Business?
You are a little
street rat.
Something for sale.
Documents.
Top secret.
American.
Go on.
You, you are a loose end,
you motherfucker.
You, I'd go back for
in a heartbeat.
Chase you down, fuck you up,
drop fire on your head.
You hear that, asshole?
Turn you into fucking smoke.
AAYAN:
It wasn't him.
He didn't do it.
He doesn't even remember you.
You're nothing to him anymore.
Not even a name.
Aayan.
Who the hell
is Aayan?
Aayan is done.
Aayan's... dust.
What do you want?
What do I want?
Go on, ask me.
I know you're dying to.
(faintly):
Who is it?
Who's after me?
Come closer,
I'll whisper in your ear.
(whispering indistinctly)
♪ ♪
(speaking in German)
QUINN:
Polizei.
What do you want?
You're busted.
Tell his mom he's arrested.
You can check my backpack.
I didn't take anything...!
(speaks in German)
(speaking German)
Shut the fuck up.
(engine revs)
Carrie?
You hungry?
I figured it out.
What?
I did, yeah.
I figured it out.
It's all of them.
What do you mean?
They're the...
the sum of my sins.
Each... each a dot
on a-a canvas.
Avenging angels.
Carrie...
No, angels aren't
all good, you know?
Sometimes... sometimes
they come to punish,
to tell you it's...
it's too much, the damage.
So it doesn't matter
if it's Haqqani
or, you know, Nazir's people
or Hasam's son.
Whoever it is does it
for them all.
And it's... and it's right.
It's... it's-it's righteous.
Okay, okay, come on.
I mean, you can't...
you can't atone
Let's get you up...
for that much blood,
for that many souls.
It's futile,
absolution is not available.
The angels are telling us that.
Here, sit down.
Do you understand?
Yes, I understand.
I'll be right back.
Is there a church nearby?
Uh, in the next village.
I need to see a priest.
Uh, you-you have to
take these first.
Now.
Hey, hey.
You have to take
these first.
No.
Come on.
Why?
You think I'm crazy?!
No, no, that was...
N-N-No, I am crystal
fucking clear.
I don't think
you're crazy.
I think... I think
you solved this thing
so it's time to go back
on your meds, okay?
(scoffs)
I'm not a moron.
Nobody said you were.
You don't think I know
what you're doing?
N-No. No.
I know exactly
what you're doing.
I just want you to take
your pills like we agreed.
"Like we agreed."
Yeah, we did.
So patient, so reasonable.
Jesus.
Don't you ever get tired
of that Clark Kent routine?
Boring, boring, boring.
You know what, fuck you.
You can either take
these yourself...
Or what?!
What, you're gonna
shove 'em down my throat?
No, I'm calling an ambulance.
You can't do that.
You know you can't do that.
They'll find us.
Yeah, watch me.
Take the pills
right now,
or I start dialing.
How about fucking
the bad girl instead?
Take the goddamn pills!
(scoffs)
You're a lousy lay anyway.
Show me.
I said show me.
Thank you.
Aw...
Poor little Jonas.
(laughing):
Bet you never had a girlfriend
like me before.
Why don't you
stop talking now?
Why? Why?
You sick of hearing my voice?
As a matter of fact, yes.
Yeah,
that's better.
That's good. Get mad. I like it
better when you're mad.
At least I know you're alive.
At least I know you have
a fucking pulse!
Come on.
(phone ringing, buzzing)
Don't answer. Don't answer it.
It's
the burner phone.
It's my ex.
Yeah.
(speaking German)
Was?
Oh, my God.
(speaking German)
(Jonas speaking German)
JONAS:
Okay, um... Okay...
(speaking German)
(Jana speaking German)
Ja, ja, ja, ja.
What's going on?
Steffan's been arrested.
For what?
I don't know.
Shoplifting.
(speaking German)
Don't worry.  They'll find you
by dinner time.
(door shuts)
(engine starts)
(speaking German)
Gut.
Okay. Gut. Danke.
Well, that's weird.
What?
Um, the police have no record
of him at any precinct
in Berlin.
That's because he's not
in police custody.
What are you talking about?
Shit, we have to go.
We have to go right now.
They're already
on their way.
Who?
Who is?
Steffan's arrest
was staged to generate that call
to you. We're blown.
Are you saying these people
have Steffan?
No, I am saying that
whoever is trying to kill me
is coming here!
Do they have Steffan
or not?
Steffan will be
fine, trust me.
How do you know that?
You don't know.
You don't know that.
We have to get back to Berlin.
No. No, no, no, no, Jonas.
Jonas, listen to me, okay?
They won't hurt him.
He's just a pawn.
Just a pawn?
Are you fucking kidding me?!
He's my son!
(panting)
JONAS:
Carrie!
Come back!
(panting)
I'm not chasing you!
Carrie, goddamn it!
Where are you?!
(engine starts)
(click)
The ambassador's
on his way home.
Not a happy camper.
The Germans, however,
are appeased.
Yes, they are.
For the time being, at least.
And Allison Carr?
What about her?
Do we put an official reprimand
in her file?
Well, she did wander
outside the lines.
Way outside.
I have
a different interpretation.
Which is?
She misplayed, badly.
In the end, got us
to the correct decision.
Well, well. You're
in a forgiving mood today.
Plus, I need her
for the weekend.
Assuming we're still on.
In fact, that's why I'm calling.
Don't tell me. Cold feet.
I fucking knew it.
Actually, the opposite.
What?
And just when you thought
we'd lost our operational balls.
We have a green light?
We have a green light.
However,
I did neglect to mention
your conversation
with Etai Luskin.
I'm sure you did.
How detailed is their
intelligence, do you think?
They know Assad's
in the crosshairs.
They know we have a
likely candidate to replace him.
Screw 'em.
As long as they don't know
the who and the when.
They don't.
They got back on her when
she returned to her apartment...
but they didn't have eyes-on
for over two hours.
Two hours.
Can you believe that?
And these are supposed
to be professionals.
For all we know,
it's when she met with Carrie.
And that's just the shit
that happened before lunch.
I thought
my head was gonna explode.
I took a Xanax.
Yeah?
I hope you don't mind
if we just go to sleep tonight.
Not at all.
I'm tired, too.
(sighs)
(crickets chirping)
(rustling)
(car door shuts)
♪ ♪
(panting)
(gasps)
(groans softly)
Motherfucker.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH